## Ideas and Prompts

1.  The classes in the SWELL dataset are unbalanced. What are some techniques you would implement to handle this? Please code a few functions to demonstrate your process.
2.  Feature extraction is a super important part of data science and a crucial component of working with the data we have at Spren. Given the features included in this dataset, see if you can whittle the list of features down to a more meaningful set. Feel free to use any feature extraction technique you're familiar with, or any technique that's outlined in any of the papers included in this repo.
3.  Understanding this kind of data can take quite a bit of creativity and finesse. There are a lot of different data sources and types, many different sub-populations, and the scale for each feature is widely different. Although it can be challenging to get a handle on all the data, it's really important to have an in-depth understanding of it as a data scientist at Spren. That knowledge will be key in developing and deriving new insights. Use your preferred visualization and exploratory data analysis techniques to better understand at least 2 different features. An example of this would be to take an HRV metric (like RMSSD) and see how that compares across different genders and ages.
4.  Take a look at the data and select a machine learning model you'd like to use (SVM, random forst, regression, etc.). Using this one model, try different hyperparameters, data splits, and preprocessing/data science techniques to see if you can improve the accuracy, even if minimally. If you can't improve the accuracy, we'd love to get your thoughts on why you think that is the case, given your knowledge of the data.
5.  In the paper titled [*Thermal Comfort and Stress Recognition in Office Environment*](papers/kizito_2019.pdf), they use something called a Decision Jungle to perform a classification task on the SWELL dataset. Try implementing a Decision Jungle, using the same 10-fold cross validation structure described in section 2.3 (called **Machine learning models**). They reference a paper by [Shotton et al., 2013](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/289206432_Decision_jungles_Compact_and_rich_models_for_classification) that describes the Decision Jungle architecture. It's okay if your work isn't complete, implementing this model can take time, but we would love to see your initial take on this problem.
6.  In the paper titled [*The Effect of Person-Specific Biometrics in Improving Generic Stress Predictive Models*](papers/kizito_2019_2.pdf), researchers used a random forest model to perform classification on the SWELL dataset. They were able to improve the accuracy of a generalized model by injecting some user-specific "calibration" samples when performing classification on particular users. Try implementing the *hybrid calibrated model* they describe in the paper. You can find more information on this technique and the pseudo-code for the algorithm on page 5.